Your trash
You can't do this right.
You know the master in the movie
If you tell him the whole truth
Will the consequences be more serious?
Know boss
Sorry.
This is enough to make our entire four families negative
Your useless thing
Broke my big deal
boss
Give me another chance to die
How many years have you been with me?
15 years.
In the past 15 years, you have only seen my face
Ok how did I meet you
Do you know why you can't see it?
no.
All these years I have hidden behind your four families
No one knows what I look like
Just to be alone
And because of your mistake
Peerless will soon reveal me
You say you deserve to die
Boss, please give me another chance.
Opportunities don't always come
Don't worry boss
I won't get rid of you this time
Just get rid of myself